doc: Add Godwoken v1 release note (#662)
nervosnetwork/godwoken: README.md

# Godwoken

> Godwoken v1 release note: [docs/release-notes/v1-release-note.md](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken/blob/develop/docs/release-notes/v1-release-note.md)

> Godwoken is a optimistic rollup solution builtin upon Nervos CKB. It is designed to be configurable in many regards, and continues to evoluation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Godwoken is an optimistic rollup solution builtin upon [Nervos CKB](https://docs.nervos.org/). It is designed to be configurable in many regards, and continues to evolution:
```
